Reviewer 1
 
Comments
The paper discusses the construction of an entity network based on the scientific literature.
The paper is well written, although some terms should be clearly defined. For instance, it is not clear what the authors exactly mean
by "traditional based" networks. This concept should be defined in the introduction. Also "prolific authors" should be defined in the
introduction as finding such authors is one of the goals of the paper.
My main concern is that the topic of the paper is of lesser relevance for the NLP community and for the community that is involved
in clinical data processing. The topic rather belongs to the field of data mining. Also the proposed techniques do not seem very
novel, even from the point of view of data mining.
Section 3.2.4 the two highest topics => the two topics with highest probabilities
 
Reviewer 2
 
Comments
This paper aims to discover entity networks, in which entities are either authors or biomedical entities discerned from PubMed
abstracts. The authors try to generate such networks for Cerebral Autosomal Dominant Arteriopathy with Subcortical Infarcts and
Leukoencephalopathy, also known as CADASIL. There are several goals, namely: (1) finding prolific authors that publish about this
rare disease; (2) finding important bioentities in such papers; (3) finding meaningful keywords in the papers; (4) discovering
influential topics from these papers.
However, it is not clear which clinical application will use any of these goals. The reader has to guess that perhaps when knowing
which authors are prolific the health professionals that manage such a rare disease will be able to read publications of such
authors and get new insights. But this is just a wild guess maybe there are some non-prolific authors that have published a key
finding about this disease and the physicians will simply waste their time?!?!?
For the second goal it is not clear how knowing about the important bioentities will impact anything. Even more unclear for any
application is the need to find keywords after you find them what do you do with them?
And in finding influential topics we all know that the interpretation of LDA clusters is not easy the authors are mum about it.
I find the paper a collection of well-known techniques (e.g. PageRanking, LDA) that are combined without any rationale leaving
the reader quite confused. The English also needs some editing.
 
Reviewer 3
 
The author(s) present a study on generating different types of networks (e.g. author, keyword, biological entities) for scientific article
data with a focus on 'scarce' data (lack of 'value' and of 'volume'). The proposed method is applied on two case studies (CADASIL
and Metformin), The manuscript addresses an important research question, but the topic is somewhat outside of the scope of this workshop, as it
does not present work related to clinical text. A venue focusing more on biomedical NLP and research on extracting information
from scientific article datasets would perhaps be a better fit. Although the proposed methods could be beneficial for clinical research
in a larger perspective, there is no discussion about this in the manuscript.
The proposed methodology of constructing co-occurrence networks using information from the full text as opposed to metadata
seems promising and there are some interesting ideas presented. However, the experimental and evaluation setup are not very
clear, and it is not quite clear how the proposed model is better for what is called 'scarce' data compared to previous studies. Some
clarification and restructuring of these parts would be essential to improve this manuscript, as it is a bit difficult, at least to me, to
understand how to interpret the presented results.